Mark your calenders for August 23rd:  
Performing live on the Miss Universe Pageant from the Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino will be Telemundo, Orianthi, John Legend and The Roots.
The Miss Universe Pageant will be on August 23 (9-11 p.m. on NBC, ET) with Bret Michaels and Natalie Morales to co-host, live from Las Vegas
Enter the contest.... stay at Trump International Hotel Las Vegas
and stay at  the fantastic Trump International Hotel Las Vegas ...
I'm helping the Serta Counting Sheep get back to work. Enter the contest  and win a trip to Las Vegas..
Could this be my newest apprentice?  ...Enter the contest .. .
I'm proud to accept the 2010 HollyRod Foundation Humanitarian Award from Holly Robinson Peete, who raised $700,000 on Celebrity Apprentice
and yet another ...all of them are spectacular.  
and here's another....
Visited some very beautiful golf courses this weekend...this is one...
George Steinbrenner was a great friend and a true legend. There will never be anyone like him in New York. We've lost a truly great man.
The new edition of The Apprentice will be on Thursdays this fall at 10 pm ET---I'm putting people back to work!
Due to popular demand, CNN will re-broadcast  the Larry King Live show I hosted in June, in which I interview Larry. Monday July 5, 9 pm CNN
Wishing everyone a wonderful Independence Day weekend. We have a lot to be thankful for.
Work is expected to begin today on my golf course in Scotland. It will be spectacular! 
"Trading Shots with Donald Trump"--a great article in the Wall Street Journal
The Eric Trump Foundation has raised over $1,000,000 towards St. Jude Children's Research Hospital.  
Great job on the Larry King Live Gulf Telethon last night--$1.3 million was raised in 2 hours.
For more information on tonight's two hour telethon, 8 to 10 p.m.:  
Tonight be sure to watch Melania and Ivanka on Larry King Live for a Celebrity Relief Telethon  
The Ultimate Merger:  
Tune in tonight at 9 pm on TV One for "The Ultimate Merger" starring the one and only Omarosa and twelve brave bachelors ...
And Trump SoHo New York is one of the hottest new hotels anywhere.... 
Had a fantastic dinner last night at Quattro, in the Trump SoHo Hotel. It's already one of the hottest new restaurants in the city.
WSJ covers Ride of Fame 
Rima Fakih, our beautiful Miss USA, rode with me on the Gray Line Ride of Fame yesterday...  
Check out Gray Line's site for the Donald Trump Ride of Fame... 
I am honored to be chosen by Gray Line for their NY Ride of Fame Campaign. Today we had the ribbon cutting ceremony in front of Trump Tower.
Tonight I trade places with Larry King kingsthings and interview him on the 25th anniversary of his show. 9PM on CNN featuring best clips.
Be sure to watch the Larry King Show tomorrow night on CNN, 9 p.m. I'll be the host, Larry the guest. 
Checking out the course at TNGC Westchester and it is fantastic. Should be a great season. 
I'll be turning the table on Larry King this Saturday night.  I'll be interviewing him in honor of the 25th Anniversary of his show.
Wishing everyone a Happy Memorial Day Weekend, with a special thought for all the veterans who have done so much for our freedom.
The Dunes here are amazing, and  they're how I learned about geomorphology, which is the study of movement landforms. We've had a great trip
The North Coast of Scotland is spectacular--the sea, the sand dunes, the rolling bluffs--we walked the course and it is fantastic.
Scotland is beautiful. I spent several years looking for the right place, visiting over 200 sites, and this is absolutely the right place!
The ratings for the Celebrity Apprentice were fantastic and everyone had a great time. It was a terrific season -- congrats to everyone!
Ivanka caught up with Bret and Holly backstage. Both Bret and Holly were champions all the way.   
Congratulations to Bret Michaels, the new Celebrity Apprentice. Bret's a true champion, all of us were happy to see him and to see him win!
Who's your pick--bretmichaels or hollyrpeete ? Vote now on Ivanka's new Facebook page! 
The latest update on Bret Michaels is that he's making every effort to attend the live finale of Celebrity Apprentice on Sunday--so tune in!
Check out Ivanka's new FaceBook page and keep up with what's happening--from The Celebrity Apprentice, to jewlery to free tickets and more..
Put  this on your calendar: The Celebrity Apprentice live finale is this Sunday at 9 p.m. on NBC. Who will be the next Celebrity Apprentice?
Congratulations to our new Miss USA,  the beautiful Rima Fakih.  Rima will represent us well at Miss Universe and be a wonderful Miss USA .
Looking forward to the 2010 Miss USA Pageant, Sunday May 16 on NBC, 7 p.m. ET, hosted by Curtis Stone & Natalie Morales live from Las Vegas.
We're all very happy to hear of Bret Michael's progress and send our best wishes for his full recovery.
Providing backstage commentary at the Miss USA Pageant will be comedic mother-daughter duo Joan and Melissa Rivers. A fantastic lineup!
Also appearing on the Miss USA Pageant will be Country Superstar Trace Adkins and Pop Rock Sensation Boys Like Girls...
Looking forward to the 2010 Miss USA Pageant, Sunday May 16 on NBC, 7 p.m. ET,  hosted by Curtis Stone and Natalie Morales.
Be sure to look for my beautiful wife Melania Trump tonight on QVC at 9 pm ET where she will be debuting her fantastic jewelry collection.
Melania will be on QVC tomorrow night at 9 p.m. ET to introduce her beautiful and inspiring Melania Timepieces & Fashion Jewelry collection.
Melania and I will be appearing on Larry King Live tonight, 9 p.m. on CNN. Be sure to tune in for some great conversation!
Our thoughts and prayers remain with Bret Michaels and his family and for his speedy recovery.
To put on your calendar for May: Miss USA 2010, live from Las Vegas on May 16th, 7 p.m. ET on NBC. I'll be there--tune in for a great show!
Melania and I will be appearing on The View tomorrow at 11 a.m. on CBS. Tune in for some great fun!
Melania and I saw American Idiot on Broadway last night and it was great. An amazing  theatrical experience!